Share your screen and we can kick it off,
so we don't lose any more time.
Yep, I'll just share it now.
Let me know once you can see it.
It's there.
Yeah, so, well,
we have several cases that we should
probably cover here.
I'm not sure whether if we can start with
the, with the delete one. Yeah, Bobby,
you have a question?
Yeah,
probably just to give a little bit of
context, probably for, like,
for all of the guys,
basically what Ivaylo investigated is
what we should do from new point of view
in order for us to make sure that we,
like, for, let's say,
for operation succeeds on GM side and
fails in our side.
what steps exactly we need to take for us
in order to make New Dispo synced with
the actual GM state.
So basically what we're going to discuss
here is like the actual steps,
whether we have some questions around
this,
whether this is the exact approach we
need to take.
In terms of steps from new dispo point of
view, also we have like some of this some.
I would say decisions which we have made
or scopes which we need to define.
But basically, like I would say,
let's just go item by item and like we'd
cover the delete topic at the end because
I think that there we need the most time
for discussion.
So let's start with the other ones first
and we'll cover the delete one at the end.
Yep.
Yeah, okay.
So as for the unassigning of deletes and
logs, for example, we have two cases here.
A case one is the what happens if the
lake is already unassigned on our site,
we should first remove the load
assignment lake link entity. We should
to give an additional check whether we
should remove the load assignment entity
as well.
And after that we should find a suitable
log for the leg.
Also create a leg log link and
recalculate the lots on the.
Yeah, Yosif on the newly wrote.
Reassigned, sorry.
Yeah, this check if we should,
if we should remove the what assignment
entity like,
is it this check just for the either
potency or?
part of the business logic because the
removal operations in entity framework
should be idempotent,
meaning that when we execute the remove
operation,
even if the entity does not exist,
it should not throw an error or anything.
So just just as a note.
About this.
I think this one is more of like a
business version, I think,
because I'm not sure.
I think when the load Simon leg link
entity does,
actually the load Simon entity does not
have any more leg links,
I think then we should remove it.
Ohh, this OK.
This is the part part of for the business.
Yeah,
should I actually add it as a note here
or it's fine?
Well,
it's actually more related to the first
Mm.
point,
but let's just let's just go through them.
Okay, okay.
Yes.
And then we have our case two,
which have some discussions so that we
need to make, for example,
like is assigned to another transport
order.
And here is doing the to be discussion.
We've added the,
is this in the scope of the sync handler?
Mhm.
That was also discussion last time we
looked through all the cases, right?
Cross-transport order check kind of.
It's not really a check,
it's where I like, for example,
like the check is one thing,
the check is executed before we actually,
in order for us to check whether we are
good to continue with the TMS logic or we
need to seek first.
But basically this is not a matter of a
I know.
check, this is more of a matter of what.
What we should do with the legs,
which we find out that are out of sync.
Yeah, yeah.
So, because for the deletion,
I think last time we decided that this is
out of scope and the scope for the
deletion,
it should only care that the transport,
that the legs should be only unassigned.
Yeah.
But in the second thought, like,
why leaving the state inconsistent again?
Yeah, that's a necessary,
or that the question that pops up
automatically, yeah.
I would really say let's prioritize.
I think we should have a happy path where
we only look at...
Inconsistencies within the transport
order, finish that,
and if there's time left.
We can look into cross-transport order
syncing issues.
You probably will say, why that?
If we already work on that now,
why not resolve it immediately?
It's an definitely perspective you can
also have, and I just want to challenge.
if we lose a lot of time when we do both
at the same time,
or if it's not better to 1st do the happy
class within a transport order.
Mm.
But the granularity here is not about the
transport order, is it?
It's more like for a leg.
It's not directly at the under signing
process is.
It's not.
Like, specifically,
it's not targeted to specific transport
order,
but rather we try to unassign a leg from
it, right, or a lot. So, basically,
it's it.
I don't think the granularity should be
on transport order level,
but more on a leg level.
But a leg on GMX, there are no lots.
So an assignment means a leg has a
relationship to a transport order.
That's what assignment means, right?
Yeah.
And we can all,
and I would just propose to not go beyond
the transport order ID.
We think there should be as a
relationship.
And just check if that's already there or
has been deleted.
And not care about different transport
order IDs in case we find such an...
Uh, occurrence.
But maybe I'm also too far away from the
code.
A bit.
But is it isn't this isn't the syncing
process like the essence of what we
should be doing for the transactional
behavior scope like?
Isn't it something that it's a must-have?
It is,
but if I can choose between 2 levels of
what our singing mechanism delivers.
And I would have to decide which one I
want first.
I would hope that cross-transport order
syncing issues are more rare.
Than the other ones,
because what they require is, for example,
two people to work in parallel on that.
Transport order, or rather that lake.
Because how would that out of sync state
come to life at all, right, if...
If we look at the one person situation
having synchronization issues,
it would never be between transport
orders.
It would always be within a transport
order.
That's the happy scope I'm talking about.
And if you want to go more complex,
then you have to include several people
working on potentially the same legs.
I just try to split the complexity into
several layers.
That helps,
but I think I'm probably confusing the
discussion more than it helps.
As a seat.
Okay.
Basically, like, I mean,
we are probably Matthias,
you looking this from...
New just point of view,
because in from new just in order for us
to assign leg again,
we need to unassign it first,
but basically we don't know whether this
is the case from TMS point of view,
Mhm.
because, for example,
what if they have a way to reassign
directly a leg from one transport order
to another?
Then the step with the unassigning is
basically gone, right?
Mm.
They will face the error where we need to
find the exact transport order and assign
it, right?
But it does this involve changes on the
legacy app because that's what we
descoped.
We only allow people,
dispatchers to work in new dispo for this.
No one will assign pickup legs somewhere
else.
I'm not sure whether we have this
assumption because I don't think we have
Yeah.
discussed this. I mean, this...
No, no, it's defined.
It's definitely something accepted by
Patrick.
I'm completely sure about that.
Because that's why I'm so.
That's why it sounds so clear. To me,
it's quite clear what to do because we
have descoped that case.
There is no other legacy uniface
application riding the same pickup legs
or assignment than we do.
It's only new disco.
Yes.
OK, but, like, in OK, I mean,
this is fine. If this is the case, then,
It.
like,
we just scope changes made from
third-party systems, but basically,
isn't this exactly the case to sorry for
just taking your order,
but isn't case to exactly what we need?
To do in case, for example,
we try to assign elect to transport order,
and we notice that it's already assigned
somewhere else.
This is exactly the same case;
we need to execute exactly the same steps
which you have, for example,
for the check when we when we assign
electro transport order, for example.
I don't really think that this is an
additional effort.
It's just the reusing of the logic we
already will have for the checks when we
assign a leg.
Yeah.
Okay.
So...
I don't think it would be an issue for us,
like just to check whether, for example,
in the VW select table,
we have a transport order ID populated,
and if we do,
then we simply check for the assign like
we trigger the assign like logic. If not,
we just trigger, we just remove,
as it mentioned here,
we remove the load assignment like link.
We find suitable log,
we create like load link,
and we just recalculate lot.
Uh-huh.
I mean,
this is the new logic which should be
implemented as part of this PBI.
The other logic should be reused from the
SI leg.
Handlers for this synchronization.
Okay.
The question here is, Boshko,
is this logic because you already started
working on the assigned lake and create
transport order from lake,
is this logic reusable in a way right now,
as you have defined it?
Part of it is reusable.
I'll have to check for other parts of it
though.
Okay,
let's make sure that this exact
resolution where we find that the lake is
already assigned somewhere,
or even the protests where we find that
the single lake is assigned already
somewhere,
we can directly reuse it because we will
need it in a couple of places, I think.
Mm-hmm.
P.
Okay, so Ivaylo,
is that giving you the answers you're
Cell.
looking for?
Well, yeah, I just wanted to clarify,
but I mean,
you've already discussed it that if there
will be no other system that can assign
legs and transporters, I mean,
as Bob mentioned,
we can use the assign leg logic.
Yeah, I think.
Can cover the case, probably.
Mm-hmm.
Yosif.
Also, two points. The last time, like,
actually, when we discussed this,
then where this whole topic arised around
defining exactly the steps,
like what I wanted us to confirm was,
for example, like on the case two,
When we are creating, for example,
what assignment entity or the what
assignment link link,
like what exactly information we need to
create these entities and pretty much to
verify that this is actually possible
because there might be some columns.
where we need to populate some data,
which we like,
we are not sure what to populate or we
don't have the data or something like
that.
Was that in was that investigated?
Not in this PBI per se,
but I think Bosch could hear this as part
of his work for the assigned led to
transport order. Basically,
what we notice is that we have,
for example,
we just we checked what we need,
for example,
in order for us to recreate the whole
Posh, correct me if I'm wrong,
but I think it was not a lot assignment,
right?
Ohh.
Well, like assignment, I believe, like...
The what to send my click link, was it or?
It was for the lot assignment and the leg
link to both of them.
Yeah.
So, so basically what it turned out,
Yosif, just to summarize the whole thing,
it was that we were missing 3 fields,
I think something like this.
We create item for this, Sonia took it.
It's all they are already there,
so I don't think that currently we have
any issues with creating those entities
from the...
Reading information from the table is
called VW slack, I think.
So basically we should be having all the
fields we need for the load assignment
and the load assignment leg link.
And also one more question, like,
because we're going to be making this
Okay.
syncing process, like, for example, again,
for the case two,
should we be also checking whether the
shipment is not deleted?
Because this could be also the case.
Mmh.
But in this case,
shouldn't be the leg be deleted as well?
I mean, yes,
but essentially like when we need to
check is like obviously one of the cases
is like is assigned to another transport
order.
That might be one of the reasons for
getting out of sync,
but another reason could be that at this
point, the leg, the leg,
I mean the shipment behind the leg.
Is deleted, and we haven't seen.
K.
Mmh.
But that, like, I mean, this is more of,
yeah, we can check it, of course,
Ohh.
but like my question is because they have
this view, right?
And this view is driven mainly by
shipment records.
So if a shipment is deleted,
then we should not have a record in the
VW, like, I mean.
The...
Our.
Probably, but it's still a,
but still a scenario that needs to be
Yeah.
handled,
and there might be more like this.
Okay, yeah,
but probably we should consider it. Yes,
you can write it, I guess.
Mm.
Should I add it as a case tree or?
Yeah, yeah.
So are you talking about a shipment being
deleted while its legs are still assigned?
Is that the use case, Yosif?
It's pretty much that we tried to
unassign a leg, but for some reason,
the shipment behind it has been deleted
and we haven't been notified by the CDC,
Mm.
but we got our thing. And at this moment,
we tried to unassign it from somewhere,
Uh-huh.
but actually the shipment is not there at
all, for example.
Team.
Ohh.
Lapp.
Then we should just delete the leg,
I guess.
Isn't this like what we should do?
As well as like lot assignments and
everything. I mean, lot assignment,
leg link and leg as well.
Isn't this what we should do?
Yeah, I do so.
Exactly, yeah. I mean,
this should actually be covered by a
Okay.
higher level.
CDC recovery we discussed last week,
right? Where?
We get the delete event for the shipment,
which...
leads to legs and lots being cleaned up
for that shipment.
But it probably is an issue that we still
store it in the assigned table.
Not in the unplanned table.
I mean, when it comes to CDC,
we have a handler for this,
You.
but probably let's just keep the CDC out
of this.
Yeah, yeah.
We can discuss it by guessing the
refinement when all of the,
like the rest of the team is there as
well. But yeah, okay,
this is a good point, Yosif. I mean,
probably it's an edge case, but we should.
Consulting be, you should be,
we should be taking care of this as well,
so I guess good point.
Does anyone have any other comments or we
can move on with the other entities?
Like, basically,
this case tree is affecting all of the
scenarios, isn't it? I mean,
this is a case, for example,
if we don't find a leg data for this,
we just remove everything, right?
Because leg is not assigned for this case,
or, or, or, like,
if we don't find the shipment for this,
let's say, like...
Once again, like we should,
we can't proceed with the operation,
we should just remove the like, basically,
even you can type that this case is
applicable in all scenarios other than
the delete, probably.
I mean,
probably the actions should be a little
bit different, like when,
if we end up in a different case,
but like checking whether this shipment
is there is actually a case we need to.
Have.
Anyways.
OK.
No.
For the assign, Ivaylo, you just continue,
probably like,
probably you will explain it better.
Yeah, yeah,
so here we have combined the assigned leg
to transporter and create transporter
from leg.
We should create a load assignment entity,
we should create the load assignment leg
link respectively,
and also we should delete the load.
The leg link, if there was,
if we are out of sync,
and again here we should check whether if
the previous one should be deleted,
it should be deleted when the legs count
is 0,
as here we discussed with the locked load
time entity, and we, if not...
So, if we should not delete the lot,
we should recalculate the lot aggregates,
because I think Bobby mentioned that
there was a small bug about the
recalculation,
then we should be considering this as
well.
Any questions?
So you want to assign a leg,
you do the check with TMS.
You see that it is assigned already,
correct?
Yep.
So you don't call the TMS, which means...
Yep.
You create a lot of assignment entity.
Which is the parent for the lot assign
and like link, right?
Yep.
And then we need the lot likely,
which is the unplanned side of things,
correct?
Yep.
And then delete it, of course,
if the lot is empty, yeah, makes sense.
If not, you will, yeah, sounds.
Sounds logical.
Yeah, Yosif.
Yeah, guys,
sorry for going back to the previous
scenario. I'm just like,
keep thinking about it,
and I think like I'm just...
Not sure whether like these cases are
even possible to be honest. I mean,
I think that we kind of discussed this in
the beginning,
but just if we try to replay what will
happen is like at some point,
like the state,
like the state will be synced and someone
will be trying to unassign the leg.
in our application. In this case,
let's say that the DMS operation succeeds,
but mudispo fails to synchronize.
So this means that...
From that point on,
nobody ever will be able to see this
state like in some other state. I mean,
it will be always be still assigned there.
And the only operation that everybody
will be able to do from this point on is
trying to unassign. I mean,
there will be no option to assign the
Leicht to another transport order.
because the state in new dispo will be
out of sync,
meaning it will be still assigned to this
previous leg. So, like,
I'm just wondering,
is case 2 and case 3 even possible?
I mean, case 3 is totally CDC,
but even case 2, like,
is this even possible?
Because I think it is not. I mean, again,
like we try to unassign the leg,
we the TMS succeeds, new dispo fails.
This means that in new dispo,
every user from this point on will still
see this leg assigned to this to this old
work or transport order.
Yeah.
And the only operations that they will be
ever able to do with this lake is
unassigned.
They will be not able to unassign it to
some other transport.
Mhm.
So next time they try to unassign it,
we'll just check and see, well,
this is already unassigned in TMS.
We just do the try the unassignment again
in new this.
This is, of course,
with the assumption that only new dispo
operates with this with this planning Lex.
Mhm.
Yep, true.
I mean,
how exactly did this leg will end up on
assigned to another transport order if
all of this is happening through new
display, new dispo will be out of state,
meaning that he will be still assigned,
this leg will be still assigned to this
previous transport order.
They won't be seeing this leg in the
planning area to be able to
Assessment somewhere else.
Um...
Yeah, I mean,
if really this will be the case,
that this pool will be the only source of
assigning and non-assigning and creating
and etc. for the pickup legs. I mean,
this is valid that you're saying,
but actually, I'm sorry if I...
Probably missed it,
but this was the first time that I hear
this that the legacy system will not be
touching the pickup line clicks,
and this will be the only application
that is that's working with this.
So I believe it can,
it's true that you said Yosif.
Yeah, but the thing here is,
sorry for the interruption, Ivaylo,
the thing is that, okay, Yosif,
for example, yeah, this is correct,
like for the general, for the state,
it is fine, but for example,
let's say if the unassigned failed, right,
because here the first operation is about
unassigned. Let's say that they will see,
still see the load,
the leg assigned to a particular
transport order.
Let's say we sync again,
I mean we execute the operation again,
Lapp.
this operation succeeds.
If we don't cover case two or case three,
that means that this leg will end
eventually in.
But wait, wait, wait, can you go again?
Let's just go,
let's just go with the with the four,
like let's say we we start from with...
Oh yeah, okay, okay, I see your point.
I see your point.
They can't assign it if they don't see it
as unassigned, okay.
Exactly.
They will always see it in the,
they will always see,
Yeah.
Yeah, probably this makes sense.
they will always see it in this old
assigned state to this old transport
order,
and the only operation they'll be able to
Okay.
do in terms of assigning and unassigning
will be unassigned.
Mm.
They can find me and probably would be
sufficient to cover case one.
I would say that, to be honest,
I think that we should cover only case
one here.
Okay.
Now, when I think about it, like the CDC,
I think that it's completely separate
K.
concern.
This is about syncing transactional
behavior, not CDC.
So I agree with Matthias that, I mean,
I was just brainstorming about case three,
but I don't think that we should.
Address it here,
and I think case 2 is not valid, so...
Okay, because like, yeah,
this is totally fine.
If you can just say that we have
discussed this and it's out of scope,
don't delete it in my opinion,
because it's a part of the discussion.
Yeah.
Just note that we have decided case two.
Of course, just like first let's ask,
does anybody have anything against this?
No.
Okay, so just then add it,
because we have like one or two minutes
left before we jump to the actual
refinement. Basically,
like if just to cover the other flows
quickly,
if we just briefly went through the
assigned leg,
I don't think we have any uncertainties
there, at least, I mean,
I think it's quite...
Clear what we need to do there for the
loads and the create transport order from
load. Basically the same thing,
but what we need to do is loop just
through the legs and sync.
Uh-huh.
If we need to...
And the...
More most problematic thing I see is the
delete transport orders.
I can raise probably a concern here and
we can discuss it in the other meeting as
well. Basically, like what the situation,
the main issue for the transport order is.
The reason is that, for example,
let's say is our trust transport order.
Let's say that we have some like watts or
legs.
assigned to it. If the user,
if we fail to sync this operation within
the retried codes,
which have the actual context which
transport order has been deleted,
let's say,
because this is the case where the
operation succeeded on TMS side and
failed on the new display side. If,
for example,
the user goes out of the prompt,
which knows
for which transport order ID will try to
execute the delete operation.
The concern is that...
After this,
after this transport order is deleted,
the user won't be able to see those legs
or lots anywhere because they would still
count as assigned if the operation fails.
They won't have the transport order to
see where these legs or lots are assigned.
They also won't be seeing this as an
Plant,
because we have a what assignment link
link for those legs are load and lots,
so they won't be able to see this
basically anywhere.
Uh-huh.
Which is really adherent, and, like,
we should be,
we should consider how we handle this
situation exactly.
Because.
So, again,
you say if the delete succeeds of the
transport order.
Mhm.
You will no longer see it, so you cannot.
If the operation fails on, you dispose it,
yeah.
Yeah,
you cannot repeat it in the second time,
except you do it immediately after.
You can.
Exactly.
Mhm, mhm.
If we lose the context, we sorry.
And if you...
Yeah,
if you refresh or come back after your
coffee and it has refreshed or whatever,
the transport order will be gone,
meaning we still have the old assignments
in our database to the non-existing
Correct.
transport order, right?
Correct, yeah.
So, so, so, so, so...
The issue being that the legs are not
presented as unplanned.
Uh-huh.
Huh.
So, you call?
I think there's,
I think there's not much that we can do
here.
I think that this should potentially be
covered.
I guess in some of the other falls.
We don't have a, I mean,
we don't have a flow which would touch
Yeah.
those because basically this is not an
assignment, this is not assignment,
Yeah, we donut.
we don't touch legs,
basically we don't interact with.
Yeah, correct.
So...
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
This is the background cleanup kind of
thing you expect to happen.
And this is the only actual solution
which I see in this situation,
to be honest.
Lapp.
So.
Maybe this is a very special case that
needs extra highlighting and...
These coping.
Because yeah, we have a deadline,
we have to deliver something.
If new knowledge piles up,
which prevents us from...
finishing certain features in the
timeline,
it just needs to happen afterwards.
It's just normal, right?
I have to think about this.
I mean,
what we cover is the immediate retry.
And also,
we would have these internal retries,
right?
That's part of the transaction behavior
anyway. Within, what did we say,
three times within 30 seconds or
something.
But the case where you refresh and come
back later.
Was probably never in scope.
Can we?
So, um...
Two.
Yeah, sorry. Also,
this would be a typical case where...
Yeah, I was.
An employee can...
Get support in a manual way.
You would raise a ticket with Service
Desk and say, hey, I miss my legs.
Where are they?
And then you can look up the two sources,
TMS and NewDispo.
And yeah, fix the data issue manually.
I mean, this is what we agreed on anyway.
as a last resort.
That's why the information needs to be
shown to the user.
That stuff was locked in the cloud locks.
That's probably the little gap we still
have.
I stumbled across this ticket today for
the front-end side of things for that.
Hey,
because we need to jump to the other
meeting.
Yes, correct.
My suggestion for this,
like how to handle this,
would be like if we know that the
operation fails on our side,
like we can get the error and like log it
in the DB in a table or something like
that and...
probably have something like a background
task that we can configure to run like
once a day,
once a week or something like that.
Like this can be further discussed.
We don't notice, we cannot notice that,
I mean,
our application could crash at this point
before logging, and even this,
like this background process is something
that it's that it's yeah,
pretty much has some effort to implement.
I think the easiest automatic way to to.
to solve this, to be honest,
is to enable the deletion of transport
orders CDC,
because what would this happen if we
enable it,
just the deletion of transport orders,
meaning that when we successfully execute
the delete transport order on TMS,
Uh, like we will receive the CDC event,
and given that our handles are idepotent.
Uhh...
It would mean that that we would be able
to pretty much just just catch up.
Yeah, let's end the meeting here.
We need to move on. Ivaylo,
are you at least partially further with
your answers?
Yeah, yeah,
I mean it was a team discussion after all,
Okay.
so yeah, I just started some of the steps.
I will be attaching the document in the
wiki as well,
and I'll probably add a link in the PBI,
Yeah, please, please do that.
so yeah.
Yeah, just so just to conclude,
like this document,
because those laws be implemented by
different people,
this document should be used as a
reference point.
We'll be adding this to the wiki with the
actual steps we agreed to take. Basically,
this would cover the logic behind the
implementation which we'll be having, so..
.
Like, yeah,
just whoever starts working on such PBI,
just this should be the reference
document which we take off.
Mhm.
Lisa, if it's not too much work,
can you make it a markdown so it's Wiki
conform? Otherwise,
Word will always just be a file
attachment in the Wiki. Okay, great.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, of course, of course.
Okay, great,
let's jump to the other meeting then.
Thanks.
Yep.